Clarifying the difference between experimental and preview docs for c… (#6149)
firebase/firebase-tools: src/frameworks/docs/astro.md

  using your preferred method.
- Optional: Billing enabled on your Firebase project
  (required if you plan to use SSR)
- An existing Astro project. You can create one with `npm init astro@latest`.

## Initialize Firebase

To get started, initialize Firebase for your framework project.
Use the {{firebase_cli}} for a new project, or modify `firebase.json` for an
existing project.

### Initialize a new project

1. In the {{firebase_cli}}, enable the web frameworks preview:
   <pre class="devsite-terminal">firebase experiments:enable webframeworks</pre>
1. Run the initialization command from the {{cli}} and then follow the prompts:
   <pre class="devsite-terminal">firebase init hosting</pre>
1.  Answer yes to "Do you want to use a web framework? (experimental)"
1.  Choose your hosting source directory.  If there is an existing Astro codebase,
    the CLI detects it and the process completes.

## Serve static content

After initializing Firebase, you can serve static content with the standard
deployment command:

```shell
firebase deploy
```

You can [view your deployed app](/docs/hosting/test-preview-deploy#view-changes)
on its live site.

## Pre-render dynamic content

> Astro will prerender all pages to static files and will work on Firebase Hosting
> when hybrid rendering is enable for the project. Configure `output: 'hybrid'` as
> shown in
> [converting a static site to hybrid rendering](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#converting-a-static-site-to-hybrid-rendering`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro will prerender all pages to static files and will work on Firebase Hosting without any configuration changes.

If you need a small set of pages to SSR, configure `output: 'hybrid'` as
shown in
[converting a static site to hybrid rendering](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#converting-a-static-site-to-hybrid-rendering`).
```

`output: 'hybrid'` is only needed if you want to opt-in some pages to server rendering. Astro's default, no configuration mode will prerender everything and work on Firebase Hosting.

> With these settings prerendering is still the default, but you can opt in to SSR by
> adding `const prerender = false` at the top of any Astro page. Similarly,  where
> server rendering is the default you can opt in to prerendering by adding 
> `const prerender = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these settings prerendering is still the default, but you can opt in to SSR by
adding `const prerender = false` at the top of any Astro page. Similarly, in `output: 'server'` where
server rendering is the default you can opt in to prerendering by adding 
`const prerender = true`.
```
